my name is Ray later the breakfast
supervisor you and snow guns and this is
my eighteenth wieder doing this job I'm
an early morning rise I like it up here
early i see the most amazing Sun rises
on our parish I and even watching the
blizzards in the snow you know I like
that too that's part of the mountain
whether it's just part of mountain
culture it's breakfast time it's fun
time at the start of the day that's why
I look at it anyway that's what I try to
get across to the staff it's fine dining
in the evening at breakfast time we
offer ate a buffet breakfast the guests
come down to the front desk will spoil
my face they're here on holidays our job
is to more or less give them a great
start for they make sure everybody's
happy it just comes natural for the
subjective staff that work here they can
see someone like myself who's been here
for a while and how I interact with the
gas and perform and ask how the days inn
and it just flows on it through the new
staff members well it's a 30 bedroom
hotel it's very high-end you should have
a big David but it in-house masseuse
bartenders around all day we can make
hot chocolate we have five people to sit
around main thing about the hotel is and
location you straight out on the sand
people just love that stuff leave these
skis downstairs and we get changed in
our locker room soon as we finish our
chef yeah we go we're straight out of
the mountain the information the night
order gives me is really good for the
guests I can pass on where the best
skiing and board and boots of the day
and it's also good for me where I'll end
my day as well getting up for a ski
that's what yes
excellent mate ship becomes really a
really good thing in here and everyone
helps each other so it took we think the
guys it's great crew we all get along
outside of work as well so I work all
morning with these boys and then we'll
head out and go boarding together well
being here for 18 years I've seen two
year olds that are now 20 year olds and
you know I've got to report some of the
long-term guess units can feel like it
feels like home to me sir that's why I'm
here
you